The decree.
Where is Ly Van Hieu?
Van Hieu met Duke Wei
God has orders.
Ly Van Hieu received the order
Transportation
Emperor newspaper: Prince Ly Van Hieu
Know the meaning of keeping filial piety
Very well liked by the princess.
Specially accepted as a son.
The King of Peace
I pass you on
Princess Yoshiko
King Security father passed on
Van Hieu became King of Security.
So I'm not a princess?
All right. All right.
I can t believe that I will one day become a prince.
To cover the heavens To Yen Nhi gentle Thuc Duc
Excellent product.
Special gift for the adopted daughter of Princess Ly Van Hieu as wife
Give the couple thousands of gold
East Sea ming zhou a couple
Seven in seven out a set
To show the reward
I hope the husband is long.
Together forever.
This Khin
10,000 gold
That's 10,000 taels of gold.
Thank God for Long An
The king stood up and took orders.
Quickly arrange clothes
The princess and her majesty will come to see your wedding.
Thank you, Wei.
Rebel son Ly Van Hieu rebellious infilial
Ungrateful.
All awards of Ly Van Hieu
Take it all back
The order will be cancelled immediately.
No, my orders.
Crazy?